What is your DnD alignment (Lawful Evil, Chaotic Neutral, Neutral Neutral)?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite genre of movie?
What is your favorite genre of video game?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your ideal group size?
What is your preferred indoor temperature?
What is your favorite outdoor activity?
What is your favorite body part?
What is something you look for in a romantic partner?
What is one of your hobbies?
What do you enjoy about traveling?
What is one of your values?
How do you support a sad friend?
What do you do when something doesn't go as planned?
How do you like to show affection?
What kind of dreams do you have?
What kind of nightmares do you have?
What are your life goals?
What kind of conversations do you like to have?
Where would you go for a second date?
What kinds of presents do you like to give?
What is your favorite simple ingredient (for example, corn)?
What is your favorite dessert?
What is one thing you like about your parents?
What is a trait of someone you admire?
What is something you look forward to when you retire?
How long would you wait in line for $50?
What kind of super power would you want for your daily life?
Which Harry Potter house would you be sorted into?
You have just become the president. What is the newest top priority?
What is something you are thankful for?
What is your opinion of children?
How important is physical appearance to you?
What is one of your 'dealbreakers'?
What are your thoughts about white lies?
If you had to get a tatoo, what kind of tatoo would you get?
What kind of music do you like?
What do you like to do on your phone?
What is the minimum amount of money you need to completely change your lifestyle?
What do you want to do with your body after you die?
If you could relive any schooling, what would you do differently?
What do you like to do by yourself?
What is the most awkward situation you've ever been in?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top five?
What is the weirdest dream you had?
What is your favorite book genre?
What do you do when you are sad?
Without using any explicit language, what is your favorite expletive?