Nil ego contulerim iucundo sanus amico. <br><i>While I am sane I shall compare nothing to the joy of a friend.</i>
Dime con quién andas, y te diré quién eres. <br><i>Tell me who you walk with, and I’ll tell you who you are.</i>
Keep a dedicated calendar to remind you of any upcoming birthdays 
A friendship can become stronger if you calmly work through conflict with a common goal in mind
If you forget a new friend’s name, ask them to add their contact information into your phone
If your close friend is going through a difficult time, it helps if you reach out first
Learning love languages isn’t just for significant others, it also helps you show appreciation for your friends 
You’ll learn something amazing when you ask a friend to teach you something they’re passionate about
The first step in making a new friend is to say hello.
If you disconnect from the game, you can reconnect by using the same name.
As the VIP you can change a couple options of the game. Check it out by clicking the gear in the top right of your phone screen!
Players can switch to their keyboard by selecting the gear in the top right of your phone screen. It may not work properly on all phones.
As a question writer, we recommend writing at least one question unique to your friend group.
The goal of Meexarps is to win as a team!
The real Meexarps are the friends we made along the way.
If you need to end the game early, the head researcher can end the game via the options menu.
Friendship means something different for everyone. Find out what your friends think friendship means.
Friendship is a balance of organic interactions and conscious effort! A healthy relationship requires both!
Sometimes all it takes for enemies to become friends is a common goal or hobby.
If you need to finish the game early, the VIP has an option to skip to the end.
If you want to chat with a friend, invite them out to an activity, like a hike or working on a puzzle.
You can view updates to the game by clicking the gear menu and checking out the change log!
Try writing some questions about a common interest. A tv show, a video game, or even a meal you had recently! The sky is the limit!
What do you call a fake noodle? AN IMPASTA!
💯 You can now emojis! Switch to the system keyboard in the gear menu.😀🏂
You can download all of the answers and custom would you rathers at the end of the game!
If you need to end the game early, the head researcher can skip straight to the end screen at any time!