---
Sexuality
If sexuality is a spectrum, where do you fall on the spectrum?
What is the most public place you have done something sexual?
What is your most interesting fetish?
What is the optimal frequency of sexual activity?
What would you be willing to do sexually for $50?
What is your favorite sex position?
What is your favorite type of porn?
When was the last time you climaxed?
If you could engage in sexual activities with any famous character(real or fictional), who would it be?
Use safe for work terms to describe your libido.
---
Illegal activity
What is the most expensive thing you’ve stolen?
What is your favorite illegal substance?
What is something violent you’ve done?
How would you treat your family member if they were found guilty of murder?
In dollars, how much have you pirated from the internet?
Would you allow your children or friends to drink underage?
What kind of crime would you be best at?
What is the worst lie you have told?
What is/was your favorite way to cheat in school?
What is something illegal that you think should not be?
---
Relationships
How long do you have to be in a relationship with someone to have sex with them?
How do you like to be propositioned for sex?
What is your post sex ritual?
What is the best position to send nudes in?
What is the kinkiest thing you've done with a significant other?
What is the sexiest phrase a significant other has said to you?
Besides the obvious, body part do you find the most attractive?
What position would you like to sleep with a signficant other?
What sex toy would you want to use on your significant other?
Who is an ideal threesome candidate for your relationship?
---
Sexual history
How many sexual partners have you had?
At what age did you become sexually active?
How long was it between your first kiss and your first time having sex?
What is the first porn you remember seeing?
What kinks have you experimented with?
In how many different locations have you climaxed?
If you could give your younger self one piece of sex advice, what would it be?
What were you thinking the first time you gave head?
What is your most used sex position?
What was the first toy that you used?
---
Drinking
What is your favorite alcoholic drink?
What is your favorite drinking game?
When were you your drunkest?
What is the dumbest thing you've done drunk?
How many standard drinks can you go before you quit?
What was your first alcoholic drink?
What kind of drunk are you?
You go back in time and offer a younger you your first drink. What do you offer yourself?
What is the most expensive drink you've had?
What is the weirdest way you've gotten alcohol into your body (i.e. coconut shell, funnel)?
---