---
Food
What is your favorite simple ingredient (for example, corn)?
What is your favorite dessert?
What is your favorite restaurant?
What type of cuisine do you like the most?
What toppings do you put on top of your ice cream/froyo?
What is a special dish you like to cook?
What is your favorite kind of fried chicken?
What do you eat most frequently?
What is the most expensive thing you've eaten?
What is your favorite cooking utensil/appliance?
What is your favorite midnight snack?
What dish do you make better now than how you had it originally?
---
Hobbies
What show/movie can you watch over and over again?
What podcast would you reccomend to others?
What book are you most looking forward to being released?
What is your go to song at karaoke? 
What recreational skill would you want to learn next?
What do you like to do by yourself?
Which hobby do you introduce people to the most often?
What is your biggest collection of?
How did you find out about your favorite hobby?
What is the most unbelievable thing you've done?
How much have you spent on your most expensive hobby?
---
School/Work
How would you describe your job to a child?
How would you describe your favorite subject/job to a child?
What would your life be like if you inherited your parent's job?
If you could relive any schooling, what would you do differently?
What is your dream job?
What is/was your favorite club in school?
What is the worst part of the interview process? 
What distracts you from studying?
What job did you want to have as a child?
Why do you hate your least favorite class?
If you could give a lecture on any topic, what would it be?
---
Emotions
What is the most shameful thing you've done in public?
What was your most recent embarassing moment?
What is your biggest fear?
What is the worst way to be betrayed? 
What is the last thing that made you cry?
What makes you feel the most calm?
What is your biggest simple pleasure?
What is something that is a guaranteed “makes you cry”?
What did someone do to make you angry?
What doesn’t surprise you anymore that should?
What is one of your intrusive thoughts?
What is your guiltiest pleasure?
---
Music
What is the last song you've had on repeat?
What is your go to hype song?
What is your favorite instrument?
What is your primary source of music? 
What song do you like to dance to?
Which song reminds you of someone you love?
What is your favorite musical?
What is your favorite disney song?
Who is your favorite musical artist?
What is an unexpected song on your playlist?
---
Friendship
How would someone know when you are comfortable with them?
What qualities do you enjoy most about your friends?
How do you meet new people?
What is your best ice breaker?
What is your default activity with a friend?
What is your ideal friend group size?
How long is your longest lasting friendship?
How often do you talk to your best friend?
How do you feel about matching items with your friends?
What is the most touching thing a friend has done for you?
---
Family
What family tradition did you grow up with would you want to continue with your own kids?
What name/nickname did your family give you?
What memory do you have of your favorite family vacation?
What did you get in trouble for the most during childhood?
What is your opinion of children?
What kind of parent are you/do you think you’d be?
Describe your family as a tv show.
What is the most trivial thing you bicker with your family about?
Who is your non-family family (i.e. work family, school family)?
Who is your favorite fictional family?
---
Body
Describe your preferred indoor temperature without using numbers.
What do you think is your best physical feature?
How important is physical appearance to you?
If you had to get a tattoo, what kind of tattoo would you get?
What do you want to do with your body after you die?
What physical feature do you notice first on someone you just met?
If you had to get a piercing, where would you get it?
What non-sexual action/physical feature do you find attractive?
If you could change one facial feature about yourself, what would it be?
How do you feel about cosmetic surgery?
---
Dating
What is something you look for in a romantic partner?
Where would you go for a second date?
What kinds of presents do you like to give?
What is one of your 'deal breakers'?
What is the most sensitive thing you are willing to disclose on a first date?
What is your love language (physical touch, gifts, acts of service, words of affirmation, quality time)?
What is your ideal marriage proposal?
How many third dates have you gone on?
What is your favorite pick up line?
What is the first physical feature you notice on a potential partner?
---
Fantasy
What kind of superpower would you want for your daily life?
Which Harry Potter house would you be sorted into? Why?
You have just become the president. What is the newest top priority?
What RPG class represents your personality in real life (e.g. druid, rouge, barbarian)?
What mythical creature would you want to own?
Describe your personal dystopia?
Which fictional world would you want to live in?
What character trope would you fill (e.g. main character, comic relief, snarky rival)?
Which fictional character would be your right hand person?
If you could take a future technology from any fandom, which tech would it be?
---
Vacation
Where do you go on vacation the most?
If you could make a new national holiday, what would it be?
Where is your next travel destination?
What is your dream vacation spot?
What do you take the most photos of while on vacation?
How many people do you like traveling with?
How do you decide on your travel companions?
What is a place you'd never travel?
What is the weirdest thing you've bought or done while travelling?
Rank the following in order of enjoyment on vacation: Food, culture, nature, shopping, activities
---
Personality
What is one of your values?
What current trend are you most skeptical of?
How do you like to show affection?
What's on your bucket list?
What is something you are thankful for?
What is your nervous habit?
Which social norm do you not understand?
What motivation quote do you live by?
How accurate are your results on personality assessments when you take them?
What's a quality your friends admire about you?
What priority takes up the majority of your time?
If your life were a musical, what would one of your songs be?
---
Talking
How open to talking about sensitive topics are you with new people?
What is your most noticable cadence someone has pointed out to you?
Without using any explicit language, what is your favorite expletive?
If you could learn another language, what would it be?
How frequently do you curse?
What is the nicest thing someone has said to you?
What topic immediately loses your interest?
What was the most innocent lie you've told?
What filler word do you use the most?
What is the meanest thing you've ever said?
---
Money
How long would you wait in line for $50?
What's the most money you found by chance?
What kinds of items do you splurge money on?
How much money have you lost in a bet?
How much money would you bring with you into a casino?
What's something you wish you could buy with money?
If you won 10 million dollars, what would you do next?
Someone wants to buy all the clothes you're wearing right now. How much would you charge them?
How much cash do you carry on you at any time?
How much money can you lose and not care about? What is "effectively free"?
---
Phone
How often do you accidentally drop your phone?
How often do you use your phone for calls?
How often do you use your phone while using the restroom?
How many games are installed on your phone?
What percent do you start charging your phone?
How long could you go without your phone?
What is the app you use the most?
How regularly do you misplace your phone?
What app have you spent the most time using?
What is the most recent picture you took on your phone?
---
Personal History
What is the most awkward situation you've ever been in as an adult?
What smell reminds you of home?
What is a goal you had to give up on or change?
What did you miss out on during your childhood?
What is the most wasteful thing you're guilty of?
What are your top three sins you're guilty of?
What instrument(s) did you play in school?
If you could regain a lost or stolen item, what would you choose?
As a child, what did you want to be growing up?
What is something that invokes a nostalgic memoory of childhood?
---
Sleep
What happens in your most recurring dream?
What is the first thing you do when you wake up?
What is your favorite sleeping position?
What is the scariest nightmare you've had?
How many hours of sleep do you need to function?
How long is the ideal nap?
What makes a bed comfortable?
What are the optimal sleeping conditions?
How many pillows do you like to sleep with?
What clothes do you wear to bed?
---
Pop Culture
Which celebrity would you want a run-in with?
What is your favorite meme?
You are directing a romcom, who are your two lead actors and/or actresses?
What is your rapper name?
What is your favorite genre of tv show?
What is the fanciest thing you own?
What is your favorite form of social media?
What is the oldest pop culture reference you can remember?
What new fad is the most overrated?
What is your most unpopular opinion?
What is your most used slang word?
---
Personal Routine
What extraneous thing is part of your morning routine?
What items are currently in the trunk of your car?
What do you do with bugs you find in your house?
How often do you make your bed?
How do you keep yourself awake when you get sleepy in the middle of the day?
What is the most useless thing in your wallet/bag right now?
What chore do you dread the most?
What is your cheap and lazy meal?
What is the longest you've gone without showering?
How do  you keep yourself entertained on public transportation?
What is the first thing you do when you're bored when you're by yourself?
---
Nature
What kind of weather makes you feel the most calm?
What is your favorite outdoor activity?
How much of your mood is affected by the weather?
What natural disaster are you most afraid of?
What is the prettiest type of natural scenery?
What animal most represents your personality?
If you were to get an exotic pet, what would you get?
What is the craziest thing you've seen happen in the wild?
What plants would you have in your garden?
How often do you give or receive flowers?
---
People currently playing
Give the person to your right a nickname that describes their personality.
Of the people currently playing, with whom would you want to be stuck on a deserted island?
Of the people currently playing, who would you rob a bank with?
Of the people currently playing, which two would you like to see on the same tv show?
Of the people currently playing, who would be the most likely to die in a dumb accident?
Of the people currently playing, who would you want as a partner in the zombie apocalypse?
Of the people currently playing, who would be a superhero and who would be their nemesis?
Of the people currently playing, who is most likely to become president?
Describe the movie in which the person to your right would star?
What secret do you think the person to your left is hiding?
---
Role playing
You just got to school and you realized you forgot your lunch and have no money. How do you get through the day?
You learn you have magical abilities (your choice). How do you harness these powers to become rich?
You find yourself in the pokemon world. What is your life goal?
You can send one message to every phone in the world. What do you say?
You're given $1000 that you must spend immediately on a tangible item. What do you buy?
You can switch lives with someone for a day. Who would you pick?
You need to turn $1000 dollars into $10000 in a month, how do you do it?
You wake up and realize all of your clothes are stolen and your communication devices are dead. How do you get to the store and buy some new clothes?
You are now the villian of your favorite Disney movie. What would you do to succeed in your evil plans?
You wake up in a hospital bed. Gasp! You've been in a coma for 10 years. What is the first question non-medical you ask upon waking up?